<!--
   Following code generated by PSTextMerge using:
 
     template:  fields.md
     data file: /Users/hbowie/Java/projects/nbproj/clubplanner/javagen/fields.xls
-->

### ClubEvent Item

#### ClubEvent - Panel 1

**Item Type**:
The type of item.

**Category**:
(Calculated)
The category assigned to the event.

**Seq**:
(Calculated)
The sequence of discussion at a Board meeting.

**Status**:
One or more tags indicating the status of the event.

**When**:
An indication of the date and time that the event will be held, in a format emphasizing human readability. This need not be a complete date. It need not and generally should not contain the year, since this can be inferred from the operating year identified in the higher level folder. If an exact date is known, then this field should generally start with a three-character abbreviation for the day of the week. Three-character abbreviations for the month are also recognized and encouraged. Following are perfectly good examples of dates: Apr; Sat May 5; Thu Sun Mar 25 5:30 - 7:30 PM.

**YMD**:
(Calculated)
A full or partial date in year, month, day sequence.

**What**:
A brief descriptive title for the event.

**Where**:
The location of the event, including the name of the venue and its address.

**Who**:
Who is assigned to plan, coordinate and host the event. Can include multiple names. Can include email addresses and phone numbers.

**Discuss**:
Identification of any issues to be discussed at an upcoming board meeting.

#### ClubEvent - Panel 2

**Teaser**:
One to three sentences describing the event. Not intended to provide complete information, but intended to pique the reader's interest and motivate him to read further.

**Blurb**:
Additional information about the event. Need not repeat information in the teaser, and need not repeat additional event details available from other fields, such as When and Where. This field can contain multiple paragraphs, separated by blank lines.

**Purchase**:
Instructions on how to purchase tickets to the event, if any.

**Why**:
Why does the club think it would be a good idea to host the event? If applying for Strategic Priority Funds, then why do we think this is a deserving event?

**Recap**:
A brief summary of how the event went. Can include lessons learned from the event.

#### ClubEvent - Panel 3

**Cost**:
The cost per person to attend the event. If the event is free, then leave this field blank.

**Tickets**:
For purchasers, information on how they are to receive the tickets.

**Quantity**:
Number of seats or tickets available for the event; maximum number of attendees.

**Planned Attendance**:
The number of attendees built into our planning assumptions.

**Actual Attendance**:
The actual number of people who attended the event.

**Planned Income**:
The amount of money we have planned to receive for the event. For this and the following dollar amount fields, multiple dollar figures may be interspersed with descriptive words. $20 x 40 will result in a planned income of $800.00, for example.

**Actual Income**:
Our actual income for the event.

**Planned Expense**:
The amount of money we have planned/budgeted to be spent on the event.

**Actual Expense**:
Our actual expenses for the event.

**Over/Under**:
(Calculated)
The difference between our actuals and our planned income or expense.

**Finance Projection**:
(Calculated)
The projected impacted on our club finances, based on actuals, if available, or planned income/expense, if actuals are not yet available.

#### ClubEvent - Panel 4

**ID**:
After the event has been added to the club web site, the ID assigned to the page by the Content Management System should be entered here. This will be identified in the URL for the event as the articleid, as in articleid=17, meaning that an ID of 17 should be entered here.

**Link**:
A URL pointing to a Web page with more information about the event.

**Venue**:
A URL pointing to a Web page with more information about the venue for the event.

**Image**:
A URL pointing to an image that can be used to help advertise the event.

**News Image**:
A URL pointing to an image suitable for use in our newsletter.

#### ClubEvent - Panel 5

**Notes**:
One or more blocks of text with information about the event. This field can contain multiple paragraphs, separated by blank lines. Each block of text should be preceded by a line similar to the following example: -- AAUM on Feb 21 via email. Note that each such header line contains the following elements: Two hyphens and a space; identification of the source of the note; the date on which the information was communicated; the means by which the information was communicated.

### EventNote Item

#### EventNote - Panel 1

**Note For**:
Date on which note was made.

**Note From**:
Person from whom note came.

**Note Via**:
Medium by which note was communicated.

**Note**:
Note itself.
